When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all
your work local?

	Almost all the time it would be useful simply as insurance against
	disk failure or whatnot. Beyond that it allows you to work from
	multiple locations. Also allows for more easy collaboration with
	others.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having
Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	Many of the same reasons it isn't good to commit/ save randomly
	only more so. Why would you want the stuff you are working on to
	change as you are working on it? You seriously might lose your
	mind.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When
would you use one instead of another?

	A clone is a straight up copy. To make a branch, a clone is
	modified and the changes are saved in a commit under a different
	branch name, leaving the master (or other original) unchanged.
	That branch is local only unless one pushes it to a remote such as
	GitHuB. Once a new branch is on GitHub, we might think of it as
	informally forked. Official forking is a function that happens
	internally at the GitHub level. A Clone is made of the repository
	within GitHub itself, with pointers referring back to the original
	project. Best to fork if you are trying to collaborate. Allows for
	pull requests.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the
remote stored locally?

	If your going to be off-line for a while, your information about
	the state of the rest of the project is as up to date as possible.
	This lets you, in a case where you're merging, for instance. Work
	out all. most of the merge conflicts in an off line state. Later
	when you can pull again, you will only have to resolve conflicts
	that have arisen since you updated your local 'origin/ master'.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be
easier, and what would be harder?

	Guess that depends what brand of version control you went with
	instead of Git/ Github. If what the questioner meant to ask
	was,"How would you collaborate without version control?" I guess
	they used to throw rocks at each other or something. Or was it
	'send files?' That must have been more Fluster-Cluckin' than a
	ferret in a hen house.
