What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do
it?

	It creates the .git file structure which is initialized to the
	directory specified. This allows for the storage of meta data
	about the history of the files in the directory that we choose to
	include. It causes the initialized directory to become the
	'working directory' for the repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the
repository? What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area lets you 'tag' items to be included in the
	commit. This lets you break your commits into logical chunks
	without having to waste time moving files in and out of a working
	directory that is also the staging area. The repository is a
	series of snapshots, called commits, of evolving file(s) or file
	structure.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping
your history organized? How would branches help?

	Branches let you, or anyone with access, explore totally different
	directions starting from any earlier commit. Branching lets them/
	you iterate on ideas independently from the master project.
	Perhaps later some or all of the features of a branch might be
	merged into the master.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	The diagram lets you figure out what commits are shared or not
	shared between branches. I reckon when you want to start merging
	features or parts of projects together the diagram features of
	some of these Git GUI's are essential to building a complete final
	product.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we
represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	Merging incorporates all commits from both branches. It's drawn as
	a loop in the diagram. This shows that everything is connected and
	yet there are two paths back to the original shared commit.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing
merges manually?

	A 'pro' of always doing manual merges would be perhaps gaining a
	deep understanding of how conflicting pieces of code interact.
	Maybe. Having as much as possible automated takes a hell of a lot
	of boring work out of the equation. Huge pro. Con might be a
	slight lack of knowledge on how the merge physically occurred.
